How to contribute documentation (#110)
HPInc/ml-git: README.md

Your contributions are always welcome!

1. Fork the repository into your own GitHub
2. Clone the repository to your local machine

> 3. Create a new branch for your changes using the following pattern `(feature | bugfix | hotfix)/branch_name`. Example: `feature/ftp_storage_implementation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new branch for your changes using the following pattern `(feature | bugfix | hotfix)/branch_name`. Example: `feature/sftp_storage_implementation`
```

Author: Done on commit: [1803110](https://github.com/HPInc/ml-git/pull/110/commits/18031107052b0f5ef5dd2e847c8f14332c16a686)

4. Make changes and [test](docs/developer_info.md)
5. Push the changes to your repository

> 6. Create a Pull Request from your repository back to the original one with comprehensive description of changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a Pull Request from your forked repository to the ML-Git repository with comprehensive description of changes
```

Author: Done on commit: [1803110](https://github.com/HPInc/ml-git/pull/110/commits/18031107052b0f5ef5dd2e847c8f14332c16a686)
